searchweb Find information about climate change
searchweb Search the web for DIY home improvement ideas
searchweb Look up recent scientific discoveries
searchweb Explore details about famous landmarks
searchweb Find articles on technology trends
searchweb Search for information on healthy eating
searchweb Look for news about space exploration
searchweb Search the internet for travel tips
searchweb Find me information on world history
searchweb Look up details about endangered species
searchweb Search the web for the best movie reviews
searchweb Explore the latest fashion trends
searchweb Search for reviews of the latest gadgets
searchweb Find out more about famous artists
searchweb Search for interesting facts about animals
searchweb Search the web for the latest news
searchweb Find information about the Eiffel Tower
searchweb Look up popular restaurants in New York
searchweb Search the internet for healthy recipes
searchweb Find me details about climate change
searchweb Look for articles on artificial intelligence
searchweb Explore information on space exploration
searchweb Search the web for the weather forecast
searchweb Find out more about renewable energy
searchweb Look up famous historical events
searchweb Search for news on technology trends
settimer Set a timer for 5 minutes
settimer Can you set a timer for 10 minutes?
settimer I need to set a timer for 30 seconds
settimer Please set a timer for 1 hour
settimer Set a timer for 20 minutes
settimer Can you set an alarm for 45 minutes?
settimer I want to set a timer for 5 seconds
settimer Please set a timer for 15 minutes
settimer Set an alarm for 2 hours
settimer Set a timer for 10 seconds
settimer Set an alarm for 1 hour and 30 minutes
settimer Can you set a timer for 3 minutes?
settimer Please set a timer for 25 minutes
settimer I need to set a timer for 2 hours and 45 minutes
settimer Set a timer for 12 minutes
settimer Set a timer for 3 hours and 15 minutes
settimer Can you set an alarm for 45 seconds?
settimer I want to set a timer for 2 minutes
settimer Please set a timer for 1 minute and 30 seconds
settimer Set a timer for 8 hours
settimer Can you set a timer for 10 seconds?
settimer I need to set an alarm for 45 minutes
settimer Please set a timer for 2 hours
settimer Set an alarm for 5 minutes and 30 seconds
settimer Set a timer for 7 minutes
settimer Set an alarm for 1 hour and 15 minutes
settimer Can you set a timer for 20 seconds?
settimer I want to set a timer for 3 hours
settimer Please set a timer for 5 minutes and 45 seconds
settimer Set a timer for 9 minutes
runscript Run my script named "app.py"
runscript Can you execute my "report_generation.py" script?
runscript I want to run the script "data_processing.py"
runscript Please execute "script1.sh"
runscript Run my script called "automation_script.py"
runscript Can you start the "web_server.py" script?
runscript I need to run the script "analyze_data.R"
runscript Please execute my "backup_script.sh"
runscript Run my "image_processing.py" script
runscript Can you start the "cleanup.js" script?
runscript I want to run my "script2.py" script
runscript Run my "automation.bat" script
runscript Please execute my "data_import.R" script
runscript I need to run the "fetch_data.py" script
runscript Run my "report_generation.sh" script
runscript Run my script called "video_converter.py"
runscript Can you execute my "data_cleaning.py" script?
runscript I want to run the script "dashboard_generator.sh"
runscript Please start the "data_analysis.py" script
runscript Run my "report_export.js" script
runscript Can you execute the "email_notification.py" script?
runscript I need to run my "backup_database.sh" script
runscript Please execute my "image_compression.py" script
runscript Run my "data_visualization.R" script
runscript Can you start the "database_migration.sql" script?
runscript I want to run my "api_server.py" script
runscript Run my "automation_task.bat" script
runscript Please execute the "file_processing.c" script
runscript I need to run the "data_sync.py" script
runscript Run my "script3.sh" script
setvolume Set the volume to 50%
setvolume Change the volume to 25%
setvolume Set the volume level to 5%
setvolume Set the sound level to 80%
setvolume Adjust the volume to 30%
setvolume Turn the volume to 75%
setvolume Set the audio to 60%
setvolume Set the volume to exactly 10%
setvolume Change the sound to 45%
setvolume Set the volume to max
setvolume Set the volume to 100%
setvolume Adjust the volume to 50%
setvolume Set the audio to 40%
setvolume Change the volume to 75%
setvolume Set the sound to 60%
setvolume Turn the volume to 20%
setvolume Set the volume level to 90%
setvolume Adjust the sound to 30%
setvolume Set the volume to 10%
setvolume Change the volume to exactly 70%
setvolume Set the volume to 0%
setvolume Set the sound level to 25%
setvolume Set the audio level to 15%
setvolume Change the volume to 35%
setvolume Adjust the volume to 85%
setvolume Set the volume to 45%
setvolume Set the volume to 95%
setvolume Turn the sound to 55%
setvolume Set the sound exactly to 65%
setvolume Change the volume level to 5%
raisevolume Increase the volume
raisevolume Raise the audio
raisevolume Turn up the sound
raisevolume Make it louder
raisevolume Volume up
raisevolume Raise the volume
raisevolume Increase the audio level
raisevolume Turn up the sound a bit
raisevolume Loud please
raisevolume Make it louder
raisevolume Raise the volume by 10%
raisevolume Increase sound
raisevolume Boost the audio
raisevolume Turn up the volume by 15%
raisevolume Raise the audio level by 20%
raisevolume Turn up the sound a little
raisevolume Make it louder please
raisevolume Volume up by 5%
raisevolume Raise the volume a bit
raisevolume Increase sound level
raisevolume Boost the audio by 10%
raisevolume Increase the audio volume
raisevolume Make it louder by 15%
lowervolume Decrease the volume
lowervolume Lower the audio
lowervolume Turn it down
lowervolume Make it quieter
lowervolume Volume down
lowervolume Lower the volume
lowervolume Decrease the audio level
lowervolume Turn down the sound a bit
lowervolume Quieter please
lowervolume Make it quieter
lowervolume Lower the volume by 10%
lowervolume Decrease sound
lowervolume Reduce the audio
lowervolume Turn it down by 15%
lowervolume Decrease the volume to minimum
lowervolume Lower the audio level by 20%
lowervolume Turn down the sound a little
lowervolume Make it softer please
lowervolume Volume down by 5%
lowervolume Lower the volume a bit
lowervolume Decrease sound level
lowervolume Reduce the audio by 10%
lowervolume Decrease the audio volume
lowervolume Lower the volume to 20%
lowervolume Make it quieter by 15%
playpause Play some music
playpause Start the video
playpause Play a song
playpause Begin the movie
playpause Resume the audio
playpause Start playing
playpause Play the track
playpause Begin the video
playpause Start the media
playpause Commence playback
playpause Play the movie
playpause Start the song
playpause Play the content
playpause Begin the podcast
playpause Pause the music
playpause Pause the song
playpause Pause the audio
playpause Pause the track
playpause Pause the media
playpause Cease playback
playpause Pause the movie
playpause Pause the content
stopplay Stop the music completely
stopplay End the song now
stopplay Turn off the music
stopplay Stop the video
stopplay Stop playing the audio
stopplay Stop the movie
stopplay Completely stop the playback
stopplay Stop all media
stopplay Stop everything playing right now
stopplay Turn off the audio entirely
stopplay Stop the current track
stopplay Completely stop the podcast
stopplay Halt all media playback
stopplay Stop the playlist from playing
stopplay Stop music right now
stopplay Stop playing the current media
stopplay End the playback session
stopplay Stop the video from continuing
stopplay Stop the sound
stopplay Turn off the song fully
addtodoitemwithdatetime Add "Buy groceries" for tomorrow to my to-do list
addtodoitemwithdatetime Create a new to-do: "Finish report" for later today
addtodoitemwithdatetime Put "Call John" on my task list at 5:30 PM
addtodoitemwithdatetime Add a new item: "Pay bills" for next Wednesday to my to-do list
addtodoitemwithdatetime Record "Send email to client" as a to-do for Friday
addtodoitemwithdatetime Include "Exercise for 30 minutes" at 9:00 AM in my tasks
addtodoitemwithdatetime Append "Schedule dentist appointment" for next month to my to-do list
addtodoitemwithdatetime Add to my tasks: "Read book for 30 minutes" at 3:45 PM
addtodoitemwithdatetime Add "Prepare presentation" for next week at 2:00 PM to my to-do list
addtodoitemwithdatetime Create a new to-do: "Call Mary" for 4:30 PM
addtodoitemwithdatetime Put "Write code for project" on my task list at 10:00 AM
addtodoitemwithdatetime Add a new item: "Visit dentist," for next Monday at 3:15 PM to my to-do list
addtodoitemwithdatetime Record "Submit expense report" as a to-do for Thursday at 1:30 PM
addtodoitemwithdatetime Include "Review meeting notes" at 5:45 PM in my tasks
addtodoitemwithdatetime Add "Buy birthday gift" for next month on the 15th at 11:00 AM to my to-do list
addtodoitemwithdatetime Create a new to-do: "Send invitation cards" for tomorrow at 9:00 AM
addtodoitemwithdatetime Put "Plan vacation" on my task list at 4:00 PM on the 20th
addtodoitemwithdatetime Add a new item: "Attend conference" for next Friday at 2:30 PM to my to-do list
addtodoitemwithdatetime Record "Complete project report" as a to-do for Monday at 12:45 PM
addtodoitemwithdatetime Include "Shop for groceries" at 6:30 PM on the 5th in my tasks
askweather What's the weather like today?
askweather Tell me the weather for tomorrow
askweather How's the weather right now?
askweather What's the forecast for this weekend?
askweather Is it going to rain today?
askweather What's the weather like in New York?
askweather Give me the weather for tomorrow in London
askweather Tell me the weather for the next few days
askweather Will it be sunny this afternoon?
askweather What's the temperature outside?
askweather What's the weather forecast?
askweather Check the weather for tomorrow morning
askweather What's the weather like later today?
askweather Is it going to snow tomorrow?
askweather What's the weather for this week?
askweather What's the current weather in San Francisco?
askweather Is it hot outside right now?
askweather Tell me the forecast for the evening
askweather Will it rain tomorrow afternoon?
askweather Show me the weather for today
askweather Is it going to be cold tomorrow?
askweather What's the weather in Los Angeles next Friday?
askweather Check the weather forecast for next week
askweather What’s the weather for the rest of the day?
askweather Will it be warm this weekend?
askweather Tell me if it’s raining outside
askweather Is it cloudy today?
askweather What’s the weather for Monday morning?
askweather Can you check the weather for me?
askweather How's the weather this afternoon?
askweather Give me the weather forecast for next Saturday
askweather Is it sunny right now?
askweather What’s the weather like in Paris?
askweather What's the weather for tonight?
askweather Is it going to be stormy tomorrow?
askweather Can you show me the forecast for the next 3 days?
askweather Tell me if it’s going to rain later
askweather What’s the temperature right now in my location?
askweather Is the weather good for a hike today?
askweather What’s the humidity today?
askweather Is it going to be windy tomorrow?
askweather Tell me how hot it is today
